What will the report say tomorrow?
The report shows that you and Director Xu
It's a parent-child relationship
And wise is not
Don't worry.
The test must be as you wish
Where did I offend you?
Is it because I have a birthmark like you?
Are you going to take everything that belongs to me?
First steal the cloud body I like
Now even my mother is going to be taken away
That's not true.
I didn't mean it that way.
Jiaojiao
Xiao Therefore just feels that Xiao Jiang
Coincidentally has a birthmark
Check it out.
Don't think too much about mom
Since you like Jiang Yun so much
I guess I'll just move out of my house.
Go back to kindergarten
Will be will be
I'm sorry, I didn't think it through.
None of your business
possible
From the bottom of my heart, I also want to encourage such a mother
He was so gentle.
So powerful
Xu Jiao is so against you
I see you are still a bachelor who resigned
Take care of the fetus at home
The signing ceremony of the past cooperation is the day after tomorrow
It's so irresponsible for me to leave suddenly
or
Or should I wait until the signing ceremony is over before resigning?